Hi I am (Destin). Welcome again at (Smarter Every Day). Something wonderful happened today on the way home
The flower passed in front of the sun. Between us and the sun.
I think so can explain it technically. I had this small imaging machine, and I went to the research center
US space and missiles, and there were people from all over the country with binoculars
And all types of tools to keep the sun without burning their eyes
It was a stunning sight, and I'm sure that if you were following the channel, you knew about it beforehand
I did it, so what did you do?
On this video explain it or better show me how I did it so we can collect
All these data in one place I will show you what you saw
And then I will show you where the importance of the transmission (eclipse) of Venus in front of the sun
You may laugh at this guy with this welding helmet, but he can see the sun better than most people here
I think it's a very smart solution. Look at this.
just awesome. - Learn even if you've collected six
Sunglasses on top of each other and tried to look through them, you can not stare at the sun - yes
- By capturing all those invisible infrared and UV rays that will penetrate the glasses
This is great. Have you designed it yourself? Are you a member of the von Braun Space Science Society?
- Yes - this is wonderful, man, why do not you look then
Through your perspective?
- Can I look at any time right? And to whom these people do not have
It is good to share - but this is the eclipse of Venus! Certainly
The only time you will use your perspective, but let others use it - that's right
- This is an amazing right, and it is a way to give back your beauty, your palm. Well I've aligned the surface with
The axis through which the sun passes through the sky - in fact
You make the surface parallel to the Earth's rotation
Then you have to run the base bowl
In the same longitude as we are
The latter rotates in the same axis with the ground - that's great
This background with (Saturn 5) makes you look like a space hero
For information only.
Usually you have to monitor three celestial bodies
Right? But this time you do it with only two?
In fact only one - this is stunning. What if I leave this here?
Just a little backwards
Well here she is.
Well, I can not see her
With this small imaging. there she is.
Well, but you have to follow it manually
is not it? But this is easy because of the situation you use correctly?
- Yes, there is another situation I can use, but I have to re-try
Each time if someone accidentally moves or kicks the telescope, which may take up to a quarter of an hour of adjustment.
But this method does not require much effort. If you notice here there are three
Spots on the sun are magnetic storms on the sun.
- This is so wonderful, that these people inspire the next generation of space explorers.
And of course (NASA) outperform everyone in this trailer, which is offered direct traffic
You can also see solar flares on it and like it, you lose it.
Reflection of the sun, it spoils the pleasure of viewing, can you see the vision of it?
What are you using here? - I use the reflector telescope.
- Made it for a project
About the romantic period, and specifically about (William Herschel) who developed
First Parabolic Viewer, Reflector, Using Curved Mirror - Wait a moment
Are you not from the state of Alabama? - Yeah, I'm well - you are not supposed to be, stupid rustic
Why do you do this? - Because I'm fond of outer space
You love space? That's nice. - In fact, he's already rustic stupid.
Is it? For information only, I ...
-I know that, and I am a common friend of yours. Oh really? - Yes, glad to meet you (Destin), I (Paul)
Pleased to meet you (Paul). - This reflector,
Uses a f8 lens with a focal length of 48 inches,
Made of PVC, carved by myself,
Find the focal length, - for a moment, what was used to sculpt the lens? Toothpaste or something like that?
Almost. Used silicon oxide,
Cerium oxide, and various things. - Well, I'm going to block your lens for a moment? - please enter.
Well the sunlight goes from here to there, I'm blind now Now be frank with me Do you celebrate when,
Found Focal Length Finally? Did you raise your fist or something like that? - Yes, I was very happy.
I lifted my fist in the air. Awesome, it 's wonderful to meet you.
Have you got anything? No, nothing yet.
You can use it. - I have found someone there who uses a piece (PVC)
I think it's better than you boys. - Yes, we know. - the more likely it is better off.
Well, since I was talking about how to monitor the passage of Venus,
Who cares? Where is the importance of this? This traffic is very important.
So much so that Captain (Cook) in the 18th century
He left Britain, went through the Atlantic, and around South America
Until he reached a small island called Tahiti.
(Tahiti) in particular, because its latitude is different from Britain, and the two signatories are possible
Make notes and do some calculations.
Unfortunately today we have no data from other latitudes. - You do not have.
Who said this? - (Dustin) This is me, (Derek).
Hi how are you? Where are you? - At your arms. Here you are
(Australia), the world's slowest, how are you (Derek).
- That's a big thing, coming from a resident (Alabama).
You can mock, what do you have? Why do you wear shaded glasses?
- I'm watching the lunar eclipse, is still happening here.
I want to talk about the different scenery, and how to use the latitude
To determine the distance from the sun. magnificence.
Would you please explain to us here? - No, this is a lot on this channel.
But the pressure on my face, I'll get you to it.
That's really cool. As the days of Captain (Cook), however
We do not need to send a person years before we can make a note
Because there are already online. - On the chin.
Click the face (Derek) and learn more.
- On the chin, this is the best part.
To do that, follow me.
Come on, press!
Click here.
On the chin (translated by Khaled Bakri) @amkrro